update(message transformation): Add external HTTP (#2927)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/message-transformation.md

This section demonstrates how to create and configure a message transformation in the Dashboard.

1. Go to Dashboard, and click **Smart Data Hub** -> **Message Transform** in the left navigation menu.

2. Click **Create** at the top right of the **Message Transform** page.

3. On the Create Message Transform page, configure the following information:
   - **Name**: Enter the name of the transformation.
   
   - **Message Source Topic**: Set the topics whose messages need to be transformed. Multiple topics or topic filters can be set.
   
   - **Note** (optional): Enter any notes.
   
   - **Message Format Transformation**:
     - **Source Format**: Specifies the payload decoder to be applied to messages entering the transformation pipeline. The available options are:
     
       - `None` (no decoding)
       - `JSON`
       - `Avro`
       - `Protobuf`
       - `Custom (External HTTP)`
     

>        These decoders convert the binary input payload into a structured map. If you select `Avro` or `Protobuf`, their schemas must first be defined in the [Schema Registry](./schema-registry.md). 

Author: ```suggestion
       These decoders convert the binary input payload into a structured map. If you select `Avro`, `Protobuf` or `Custom (External HTTP)`, make sure they have already been created in the [Schema Registry](./schema-registry.md). 
```
